feat(package-json): add `binNameCasing` rule (#2591)
flint-fyi/flint: packages/site/src/content/docs/rules/package-json/binNameCasing.mdx

---
description: "Reports package.json bin command names that are not kebab case."
title: "binNameCasing"
topic: "rules"
---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import { RuleEquivalents } from "~/components/RuleEquivalents";
import RuleSummary from "~/components/RuleSummary.astro";

<RuleSummary plugin="package-json" rule="binNameCasing" />

The object form of `bin` maps command names to executable files.
Those command names are what users run after installing the package globally or linking it into another project.

This rule enforces kebab-case command names, such as `my-command`, to match common CLI naming conventions.

## Examples

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="❌ Incorrect">

```json
{
	"bin": {
		"invalidCommand": "./bin/cli.js"
	}
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="✅ Correct">

```json
{
	"bin": {
		"valid-command": "./bin/cli.js"
	}
}
```

```json
{
	"bin": "./bin/cli.js"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## When Not To Use It

> If a package intentionally publishes command names with another casing style for backwards compatibility, disable this rule for that package.

Reviewer: [Docs] "backwards compatibility" is the catch-all reason LLMs tend to give for these docs. But it's debatably either incorrect or overly imprecise.

```suggestion
If a package intentionally publishes command names with another casing style for a non-standard preference, disable this rule for that package.
```

## Further Reading

- [npm package.json: `bin`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v11/configuring-npm/package-json#bin)

> - [MDN: Kebab case](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Kebab_case)

Reviewer: [Praise] TIL this page exists, very nice. I'm glad to know it's available as a reference.
